Docs nested blockquotes fix (#9472)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-block-quote/docs/features/block-quote.md

{@snippet features/block-quote}

## Nested block quotes

> Starting from version 27.1.0, CKEditor 5 will properly display a block quote nested in another block quote.  It would be most useful in email editors. Keeping all the nested quotes, citing previous messages, within a mail communication is crucial to maintain the flow of email exchange. The functionality itself may also prove useful for scientific or academic papers, but articles citing sources and referring to previous writing would often use it, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 27.1.0, CKEditor 5 will properly display a block quote nested in another block quote. This sort of structure is indispensable in email editors or discussion forums. The ability to cite previous messages and preserve a correct quotation structure is often crucial to maintain the flow of communication. Nested block quotes may also prove useful for scientific or academic papers, but articles citing sources and referring to previous writing would often use it, too.
```

> This is a backwards compatibility issue for content created in CKEditor 4. Pasting content with nested block quotes is supported. It is also possible to nest a block quote into another block quote using the {@link features/drag-drop drag and drop} mechanism - select an existing blockquote and drag it into another existing blockquote.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for nested block quotes is provided as backward compatibility for loading pre-existing content, for example created in CKEditor 4. Additionally, pasting content with nested block quotes is possible, too. You can also nest a block quote in another block quote using the {@link features/drag-drop drag and drop} mechanism &mdash; just select an existing block quote and drag it into another.
```

Using both "block quote" and "blockquote" in one sentence seems pretty extravagant to me :stuck\_out\_tongue\_winking\_eye:

> Support for nested block quotes is provided as backward compatibility for loading pre-existing content, for example created in CKEditor 4. Additionally, pasting content with nested block quotes is supported, too. You can also nest a block quote in another block quote using the {@link features/drag-drop drag and drop} mechanism &mdash; just select an existing block quote and drag it into another.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for nested block quotes is provided as backward compatibility for loading pre-existing content, for example created in CKEditor 4. Additionally, pasting content with nested block quotes is supported. You can also nest a block quote in another block quote using the {@link features/drag-drop drag and drop} mechanism &mdash; just select an existing block quote and drag it into another.
```
